goodbye Simon (#1741)
galaxyproject/galaxy-hub: content/news/2022-11-28-Simon-Gladman/index.md

---

> title: "Remembering Simon Gladma: a Galaxy star goes dim"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Remembering Simon Gladman: a Galaxy star goes dim"
```

tease: "Have you seen my new watch?"
date: "2022-11-28"
subsites: [global]
autotoc: false
---

## Have you seen my new watch?

 <div style="width: 100%; overflow: hidden;">
     <div style="width: 600px; float: left;">

[Simon Gladman](/blog/2018-12-cotm-simon-gladman/) loved unusual watches. During European Galaxy days this past October Simon was showing all of us his latest solar watch.
He was passionate about everything that he did. He was a cheesemaker, [a firefighter](https://www.topinfoguide.com/death-obituary/simon-gladman-obituary-news-in-loving-memory-of-simon-gladman-from-wyndham-vale-fire-brigade/), a board game enthusiast, beloved father and one of
the most genuinely good and generous people that you can imagine.

> He was ingrained in the fabric of the Galaxy Project and a memember of the [Australien Biocommons](https://www.biocommons.org.au/news/simon-gladman).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
He was ingrained in the fabric of the Galaxy Project and a member of the [Australian Biocommons](https://www.biocommons.org.au/news/simon-gladman).
```
